{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl {\f0 Times New Roman;}}
\f0\fs24

\b UNOVA WEBSITE - SINGLE DOCUMENTATION FOR CHATBOT KNOWLEDGE BASE
\par\par

This document describes all content, pages, and routes on the Unova website (unova.io) so a chatbot can answer user questions accurately. Use it as the single knowledge source for the chatbot.
\par\par

\b 1. SITE OVERVIEW
\par\par

Unova is a hybrid blockchain and Web3 infrastructure for the real-world economy. It automates trust and verifies business data via smart contracts, ensuring privacy without central authorities. Tagline: "A Web3 Infrastructure for the Real-World Economy."
\par

The site has four main sections: About, Solution, Community, and Build. Each section has sub-pages linked from the main navigation (mega menu) and footer on every page.
\par\par

\b 2. ALL ROUTES AND LINKS (USE THESE TO DIRECT USERS)
\par\par

\b Home
\par
- index.html (homepage)
\par\par

\b About (section)
\par
- about/about.html - About Unova
\par
- about/foundation.html - Unova Foundation
\par
- about/contact-us.html - Contact Us
\par
- about/support.html - Support
\par\par

\b Solutions (section)
\par
- solutions/decentralized-finance-defi.html - Decentralized Finance (DeFi)
\par
- solutions/enterprise-consumer-applications.html - Enterprise & Consumer Apps (Supply Chain)
\par
- solutions/real-world-assets.html - Real World Assets (RWA)
\par
- solutions/privacy-data-transmission.html - Privacy Data Transmission
\par
- solutions/decentralized-ai.html - Decentralized AI and autonomous operational decision-making
\par
- solutions/web3-infrastructure.html - Unova Web3 Infrastructure
\par\par

\b Community (section)
\par
- community/ecosystem-builders.html - Ecosystem Builders
\par
- community/unova-incubation-hub.html - Unova Incubation Hub
\par
External: Telegram https://t.me/unova_io | X (Twitter) https://x.com/unova_io | LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/unova-io/ | Discord (link on site, may be #)
\par\par

\b Build (section)
\par
- build/unova-testnet.html - Unova Testnet
\par
- build/unova-nop.html - Unova NOP
\par
- build/validator-nodes.html - Validator Nodes
\par
- build/uon-token.html - The UON Token
\par
- Grants: Coming Soon (links to index.html#build on homepage)
\par
- Unova Testnet Explorer (external): https://explorertest.unova.io/
\par\par

\b Contact
\par
- Email: Info@unova.io
\par
- Unova Foundation is based in Zug, Switzerland.
\par\par

\b 3. PAGE-BY-PAGE CONTENT (FOR CHATBOT ANSWERS)
\par\par

\b Homepage (index.html)
\par
Hero: "Unova is a hybrid blockchain that automates trust and verifies business data via smart contracts, ensuring privacy without relying on central authorities." Section "Why Unova" has four tiles: (01) Coordination, Sovereignty, Trust - real-world economy collaboration, Web3 infrastructure without central platforms; (02) Integration, Decentralization, Mobility - multi-party coordination, no data handover; (03) Privacy, Control, Verification - Private Data Transmission for secure, verifiable data exchange; (04) Unova Community - global community, open ecosystem, data ownership. Three feature tiles: Setup a Wallet, The UON Token, Build on Unova. "Unova Solutions" section lists Supply Chain, DeFi, RWA, NFT, Regulation and Compliance, AI-driven Automation, Smart Contracts, Unova Incubator Hub. "Join the Unova Community" with links to Telegram, LinkedIn, X (Twitter), Contact (email). Footer repeats all About, Solutions, Community, and Build links.
\par\par

\b About Unova (about/about.html)
\par
"Unova Is A Blockchain Network" - with privacy-enabled data distribution clusters and cross-cluster distribution, Web3 data distribution privacy protocol, multi-layer architecture, blockchain, smart contracts, dApps, powered by UON native cryptocurrency.
\par\par

\b Unova Foundation (about/foundation.html)
\par
Independent non-profit foundation based in Zug, Switzerland. Purpose: safeguard long-term integrity and sustainability of the Unova ecosystem. Mandate includes supporting responsible innovation (grants, programs), infrastructure stewardship, governance and independence. Grants and ecosystem support via structured grants framework. Collaboration with developers, validators, enterprises, institutions, researchers.
\par\par

\b Contact Us (about/contact-us.html)
\par
Unova Foundation welcomes inquiries about mission, governance, ecosystem. Contact areas: Grants & Ecosystem Support, Careers at Unova Foundation, General & Institutional Inquiries. Location: Zug, Switzerland.
\par\par

\b Support (about/support.html)
\par
Support page for Unova; content and resources for user and developer support.
\par\par

\b Decentralized Finance - DeFi (solutions/decentralized-finance-defi.html)
\par
"Decentralized Finance - Built for the Real Economy." Unova enables DeFi for real-world economic activity with programmable smart contracts and privacy-preserving real-world data; automatic, transparent execution without central intermediaries. Sections: Financial Logic Powered by Verifiable Reality (first-party data, less oracle dependency, data sovereignty); Real-World DeFi Use Cases - Automated Payments, Decentralized Lending, Trade Finance, Parametric Insurance, Asset-Backed Investments; Scale, Efficiency, Innovation - low transaction costs, enterprise scalability, open architecture, privacy-preserving design. "Unova DeFi is grounded in reality."
\par\par

\b Enterprise & Consumer Apps / Supply Chain (solutions/enterprise-consumer-applications.html)
\par
Solutions for supply chain and enterprise coordination on Unova (verify data, automate across parties).
\par\par

\b Real World Assets - RWA (solutions/real-world-assets.html)
\par
Link physical assets to digital representations with verifiable data; tracking, transfer, utilization in dApps.
\par\par

\b Privacy Data Transmission (solutions/privacy-data-transmission.html)
\par
Secure, selective, verifiable data exchange between organizations without exposing data publicly or to central platforms.
\par\par

\b Decentralized AI (solutions/decentralized-ai.html)
\par
Decentralized AI and autonomous operational decision-making; trusted data for AI, execution via smart contracts.
\par\par

\b Unova Web3 Infrastructure (solutions/web3-infrastructure.html)
\par
Unova as Web3 infrastructure layer for builders and applications.
\par\par

\b Ecosystem Builders (community/ecosystem-builders.html)
\par
Spotlight on ecosystem builders. Hubwatch: operational solutions to monitor, verify, and act on shared events across organizations; built on Unova; shared operational visibility, event-based execution, enterprise integration, reduced reliance on intermediaries; production-ready deployments.
\par\par

\b Unova Incubation Hub (community/unova-incubation-hub.html)
\par
Incubation hub for builders; infrastructure and ecosystem access to accelerate real-world decentralized applications.
\par\par

\b Unova Testnet (build/unova-testnet.html)
\par
Public testing environment for developers and teams to build, test, and validate applications before production. Testnet provides public environment for integrations, smart contracts, execution workflows without affecting live operations. Network name: Unova Testnet. Users can add Unova Testnet to wallet; see page for network configuration and steps.
\par\par

\b Unova NOP (build/unova-nop.html)
\par
Unova Network Operator Package / node deployment. For running Standard Network Nodes (e.g. Type 3) on Unova Testnet; install and configure node and connect to Unova Testnet.
\par\par

\b Validator Nodes (build/validator-nodes.html)
\par
Information on running validator nodes on the Unova network; secure the network and participate in consensus.
\par\par

\b The UON Token (build/uon-token.html)
\par
UON powers the Unova network: transaction fees, smart contract execution, network security, decentralized application operations. Native cryptocurrency of Unova.
\par\par

\b Grants
\par
Grants program is "Coming Soon"; link from site goes to Build section on homepage (index.html#build).
\par\par

\b Unova Testnet Explorer
\par
External block explorer for Unova Testnet: https://explorertest.unova.io/
\par\par

\b 4. QUICK REFERENCE FOR CHATBOT
\par\par

- What is Unova? Hybrid blockchain; Web3 infrastructure for the real-world economy; automates trust, verifies data via smart contracts, privacy without central authorities.
\par
- How to contact? Email Info@unova.io; Contact Us page about/foundation.html; Foundation in Zug, Switzerland.
\par
- Where is Foundation? Zug, Switzerland.
\par
- What is UON? Native token; powers network, fees, smart contracts, security, dApp operations.
\par
- What is Testnet? Public test environment for building and testing before production; explorertest.unova.io for explorer.
\par
- Solutions? DeFi, Enterprise/Supply Chain, RWA, Privacy Data Transmission, Decentralized AI, Web3 Infrastructure (each has own page under solutions/).
\par
- Community? Telegram (t.me/unova_io), X (x.com/unova_io), LinkedIn (linkedin.com/company/unova-io/), Ecosystem Builders page, Unova Incubation Hub page.
\par
- Build resources? Unova Testnet, Unova NOP, Validator Nodes, UON Token (build/), Grants coming soon, Explorer explorertest.unova.io.
\par\par

\b 5. COPYRIGHT
\par
Copyright 2026 unova.io. All rights reserved.
\par
}
